# Wine_is_art_project
###Wine is Art project is supposed to combine several artistic movements, different artists and wine experts proving the fact that wine is a form of art.
### Wine is Art project has been generated in order to create a unified community of wine lovers, art followers, as well as wine expert and art professionals by means of formal and informal communication on wine and art topics in virtual space in order to share love and experience to wine and art, merge into each other’s issues looking for solutions. 
### Yet in practice it does not look so pretentious, as my technical skills leave much to be desired))
### The main page gives the clue to the project and several options to try. On the upper panel there are five tabs "Long Talks", "Little Parties", "Short Tips", "Big News", "Great Ideas". One day they will offer lectures, news, announcements, but now there is only one tab working and you can try watching a video about Piedmont Wines. Furtheron, there are seven time period tabs, the containers of which are waiting to be filled up with some content one day. Though, one of them is clickable - 20th century Boom "Reputation Speaks". Clicking the tab you pass to the gallery of photos, faces and video/audio commentaries (in the fututre)  of meaningful people, pieces of art, architectural masterpieces in the wine worrld of the 20th century. It is supposed that each piece is commented by 3 different experts (a History of Art professor, a wine expert and a designer). By now there is only one commentary attached to Robert Parker portrait - the guy with a nose in a glass, next to Adriano Celentano  (Your intuition makes you rich - Snob love story cloud). This cloud is clickable and opens a video with a Robert Parker's wine love story.
###To attach a video was the most challenging trouble as initially I tried to do it with the help of <video> tag, however, it turned out to be impossible considering the YouTube policy, so here started the torchuring part of the code. To tell the truth I appealed to professional web-developers and they helped to inscript the youtube link in the code adding a javascript file. The guys explained that YouTube has a built-in function for adding a video to the page of the path of the <frame> tag. So, now it is possible to open the video as the html file has a block with the .gray_back class, in which there is another block that takes up space in the center of the screen, where the <frame> tag is written to insert the video. The css file for the .grey_back block has a fixed positioning with a transparent gray background. Display:none is set by default, which makes this block invisible. When you click on the Long Talk tab on the main page, using Javascript, this window opens.  Sounds like MAGIC ( for me looks also magical). According to the aforementioned developers, this is done by adding a function calling parameter to the clickable element tag. In our case, this is the openPopup() function. 
In a separate Javascript file (which is included using the script tag at the very bottom of the html document), a variable was declared and it takes in the DOM element using the .querySelector(“.grey_back”) command and the action of the openPopup() function is prescribed to the previously declared variable, which helps change the style of this block to display: block. Thanks to this, the gray background and video maker become visible. Further, in order to remove this block, we write to the same variable the code by which, using addIvenListener, we add the “click” event to the entire block, and when this event is performed (namely, clicking on anywhere in the block), we set the display in the styles of this block: none. That way we hide it again. Being shown how to insert the first video, it took me several days to repeat the same with the second one (the slowest developer ever)))). Now it works, at least, it DID in the morning)))
